Hey, my name's Bill. I'd like to welcome you to my newly allocated corner of the Internet. Thanks for stopping by!

Welcome to Just Another Cog, my own personal programming blog with a little bit of humor sprinkled in. 

Before I start, let me tell you a little about myself. I'm a first-year Software Engineering student at Mcgill University in Montreal, Canada. I have many areas of interest including: programming, writing, singing, martial arts movies, Japanese Rock, Korean Pop... I guess I like most if not everything originating from Asia.

There's something about Asia that I like, I'm half Mexican and half Greek so my love for Asia doesn't come from my genes that's for sure. In any case, that's something to think about.

The name "Just Another Cog" is a warning for myself as much as it an advertisement of my skills. 

On one hand, it will serve as a constant reminder of what I do not want to become. Namely, a stressed and unhappy guy working for money rather than for the love of the work I do, like a "Cog".

On the other, being a "Cog" might be so bad. A cog is a irreplaceable part of a machine, it's effective and well suited for the job at hand. It's hard working and as a programmer, I literally act as an interface between the computer, i.e. the machine, and the outside world. So this "Cog" metaphor is more appropriate than would be otherwise.

So maybe, being "Just Another Cog" isn't such a bad thing.

I want Just Another Cog to be a place where you, the reader, can learn a little bit more about programming and myself; in doing so, hopefully take something away from it.

Just Another Cog will center around my ideas and experiences as a relatively* new but passionate programmer. 

More than anything, I wish to teach non-programmers what programmers do, how they do it and why I think it's important. If I can spark the imagination of one single person and encourage them to learn programming then I'll have succeeded in my goal. 

I also want to reach out to up-and-coming programmers like me by researching and discussing programming topics which pique my interest such as interesting languages, strategies, epigrams, IDEs and more.

I'm a curious person and I'll always loved learning. By writing this blog, I want to become more knowledgeable and excited about programming. Also, I love writing and I don't write enough. Just Another Cog will allow me to share my work with world and, by doing so, give me an incentive to keep coming back to do something I love.

As a first-year university student in Software Engineering I am and I will be flooded with all sorts of interesting info about programming for quite some time. Adding to that all the books, programming and recreational, I read, I shouldn't ever run out of stuff to share. Not to leave out all the programming I do just for fun. 

I'm not endowed with prophetic powers (maybe I'll be someday though?) like the Ancient Greeks but I predict that Just Another Cog will be a lot of fun for me to write and, I hope, a lot of fun for you to read. 

Bill

* I've programmed and published two apps on Windows Phone (DnD Sidekick - DNA Toolkit). I've programmed in 5 languages including: Java, C#, Python, Perl, Erlang. And I'm always willing to learn more. I'm not a completely new programmer but compared to those who've been writing code all their lives I know nothing.